(people chatting indistinctly)
(water gurgling softly)
(Alexia gasps softly)
(chain rattles loudly)
Magic sealing chains?
Did he...
(chain rattles loudly)
(Alexia gasps)
Is someone there?
(chain rattles)
(ominous tense music)
(Alexia gasps)
(chain rattles)
(Alexia sighs)
(door rattles)
[scientist]
Royal blood, royal blood.
Finally, I finally have
royal blood at last.
[Alexia] How do you do?
[scientist] Royal blood...
-So are you my kidnapper?
-Royal blood... Royal blood!
(tray rattles)
[scientist]
Royal blood, royal blood,
royal blood, royal blood...
(gasps excitedly)
May I ask you a question?
What will you be
using my blood for?
Your blood is
demon blood, blood.
Blood, blood, blood, blood...
I'm going to resurrect
the demon in the
mod-mod-mod-modern day.
(scientist laughing maniacally)
Oh yes, of course,
sounds lovely.
Not that I know what it means.
(scientist continues to laugh)
(OPENING THEME)
(horse whinnies)
(wheels clattering)
(tense suspenseful music)
[knight] Take that!
Had enough yet?
(blood splatters)
(wheezing heavily)
You are the only person who
could possibly have done it.
[Knight 2] I'm gonna ask you
one more time.
Where did you hide
the princess?
[Kagenou] The physical pain is
something I can put up with.
The bigger issue is...
(cries out)
[Knight]
Why won't you tell us anything?
[Knight 2] Keeping your mouth
shut won't solve your problem.
(meaty thwack)
[Kagenou] This interrogation is
such classic minor
character material!
[Kagenou]
Such a high degree of NPCness.
(knights laughing)
I cannot allow them
to outshine me.
(laughs menacingly)
We're going to have to
make things
a little more painful
for you, huh?
(gah) I don't know!
I swear, I don't know anything!
Please, let me go!
(Cid screams loudly)
[Kagenou] How'd you like that?
I'm a much better background
character than him.
[knight 2] Go on, start talking.
Please, just don't kill me.
Let me live!
How pathetic,
now he's begging for his life.
[Knight 2] I'm so tired of
hearing that worn out spiel.
[Kagenou] (laughs)
That was the perfect clincher.
(Cid crying)
But still, how long is
this gonna go on?
[Alexia] Knowing my sister,
they should have started
looking for me ages ago.
(instruments clattering)
(scientist breathing heavily)
Now then... (laughs ominously)
I'd appreciate it if you didn't
take too much of my blood.
I don't believe
I'm ready to die just yet.
[scientist] (laughs gleefully)
I know, I won't.
I want lots and lots,
so I'll make sure I can
keep taking more.
Yes,
that's probably a good idea.
It wasn't... It wasn't supposed
to be like this!
If it hadn't been for
those brainless idiots!
I get it,
I hate brainless idiots also.
My lab... Those jerks, they
destroyed my laboratory!
Then they kept...
they just kept...
(glass shatters) Ah!
Oh, you poor thing.
That sounds just awful.
[scientist]
It was! It was awful!
My-my research, I was,
I was so incredibly close.
I-I'm so close.
I have to complete it sooner.
I'll be excommunicated.
Excommunicated!
Oh no, how could they?
Damn it... Damn it, damn it!
Damn it, damn it,
damn it, damn it!
Useless!
You useless thing!
Yah! Ny-hah!
(scientist inhales wheezily)
(foot thuds loudly)
[Alexia] I thought you were
going to take my blood.
(scientist panting)
(gasps)
That's right, your blood.
With your blood,
I can complete it.
Well, that's a good thing.
Your blood, blood, blood.
Oh, I forgot.
[Alexia] What is that?
Your blood levels
have gone down.
I was forgetting to feed you.
Open your mouth!
(muffled grunts)
(laughs maniacally)
(chains rattle)
(scientist laughs maniacally)
(Alexia muffled choking)
(birds chirping softly)
[Iris] You may be excused.
Your Highness...
[Iris] Thank you for waiting.
Hello, Mr. Zenon,
I appreciate your cooperation.
Of course, Princess Iris.
I feel that I am
partially responsible
as the incident most likely
happened on school grounds.
I doubt anyone would find any
fault in you personally.
Right now, our highest priority
is saving Alexia.
Yes, of course.
We must find your sister.
[Iris] I understand that
there's a strong possibility
she was kidnapped by a student
named Cid Kagenou?
[Zenon]
It's true the circumstantial
evidence is against him,
but knowing his skill level,
even if he did attack
Princess Alexia,
I doubt he could have
overpowered her.
After five days of
interrogation,
he seems to have
given us nothing.
But I think it would
be a good idea
to monitor him
once he has been released.
[Zenon] As long as he
remains a suspect,
that is the
right course of action.
However, I am inclined
to believe him.
I would also prefer not to
suspect my sister's
schoolmates.
We'll wait for the report
before we make a decision.
Still... (sighs)
My sister has been kidnapped
and I just don't have
nearly enough personnel
to send after her.
[Zenon]
Everyone knows that you are
stronger than the average
knight, Princess Iris.
But we must take into account
that you are a princess
and that makes you a target.
[Iris] I'm sure the highest
ranking officials struggle
to know what to do with me.
I know how you feel.
If there's anything I can do,
I'm here.
[Iris] In that case,
I'd like you to assist
in maintaining order
at the academy.
[Zenon] The students are
all under lockdown.
(commotion outside)
They've all been instructed
to stay in their dorms
when not in class.
[Claire] How can you expect
me to calm down?
My brother's in trouble.
Don't you see
I have to save Cid?
Get out of my...
[friend] Calm down, Claire.
I don't need to calm down!
[Rose] (sword clangs)
Whatever your reason may be,
you are not allowed
outside your dorm.
[Claire] (faintly)
Dull, uninspiring Cid could...
[Zenon] Although not all of
them will listen.
[Iris] I will continue to trust
you to keep the students safe.
[Zenon]
As you wish, Your Highness.
[Claire]
...they won't listen to reason!
[Rose]
You're an unreasonable person.
(smack)
[Claire] That hurt!
[Iris] For her brother....
(Claire struggling)
[Rose]
I hereby order you to detention!
[Iris]
We all care about our families.
Back then, crossing swords
was all it took for us to
understand each other.
But now...
(somber emotional music)
When was the last time we even
talked to each other?
(bone crunches loudly)
[Rose] My shoulder!
[Claire] Hang on, Cid,
your sister's coming!
[Rose] Seize her at once.
(bodies thud)
(somber music)
(wheezy breathes)
(bell tolling)
(wheels clattering)
(thud)
Go on, get outta here.
(chuckles)
(train chugging)
I could heal my wounds
instantly
but that wouldn't be a very
background character
thing to do.
(train brakes screeching)
(people chatting indistinctly)
(whoosh)
Later.
(people chatting indistinctly)
(person grunts loudly)
(floorboards creak softly)
(whoosh)
(mellow guitar music)
[Cid] It's been a while, Alpha.
[Alpha] Here.
[Cid] Thanks.
5But I thought it
was Beta's turn
to be on personal assistant
duty this time.
So what brings you here?
I got a call to come back,
so I did.
I hear you've gotten
into some trouble.
(mouth full) I guess so.
But how are things on your end?
[Alpha]
We're making more progress
in our investigation
of the cult.
We've also increased our
overall influence.
We're not quite as strong
as the cult yet,
but we're continuing
to grow steadily.
[Kagenou]
I'm sure they all live free,
normal lives most of the time.
But sometimes,
they'll stop by like this
to play along with my game.
I really appreciate it.
[Cid] Thanks for the meal.
[Alpha] (sighs)
You should at least change out
of those clothes.
[Cid] No, I can't.
I beg your pardon?
Do you understand
the position you're in?
The way things are going,
you'll be blamed for the crime.
Yeah, I know. The lackluster son
of a poor, pathetic baron
is the perfect patsy.
We simply cannot trust
the Knight Order.
You're saying
the cult got to them?
Yes, beyond any doubt.
It was the cult who kidnapped
the princess, you see.
The royal family has a higher
concentration of hero's blood.
Which means she's still alive,
after all.
If she dies,
they can't extract more blood.
I don't know why
you're cultivating
a romantic relationship
with her highness...
I don't think any romance
was cultivated.
[Alpha] I know.
I know you carry a heavy burden
on your shoulders.
But I really wish you would
trust us more than you do.
[Cid] I know, I will.
[Alpha] All right then.
Once we've solved this case,
you owe me some Tuna King.
That was MY sandwich.
(whoosh)
You lie low here for a while.
You understand me?
I will send back word when
we're ready for you, okay?
(mellow romantic music)
Incidentally, I want to ask
about the two men who
interrogated you.
Would you mind if we
disposed of them first?
Disposed of them? Why?
They were only doing what
they were ordered to do.
As a matter of fact,
I say they deserve a reward.
A reward?
Well,
tell me if you change your mind.
Oh, Delta's here too.
[Cid] Delta's here?
Yes, she's been missing you.
[Claire] Let go of me!
I'm going to give them
what they deserve
for hurting my brother!
[Rose] Then you would be
considered a criminal too.
[Claire] Oh! You just called
my brother a criminal!
[Rose] I did not!
Now get back to your room.
(flies buzzing)
(creature snarls softly)
[Shadow] I've prepared
everything for this day.
Vintage wine from Bordeaux in
the southwest region of France:
900,000 zeni.
Glasses, also produced in
France: 450,000 zeni.
The elusive masterpiece I
happened to pick up:
"The Shriek" by Monch.
And to create the soft light
that will bring it all together
in perfect ambiance, I top it
off with this antique lamp.
Yes, my heart is full!
Hunting all those bandits...
Crawling around to
pick up whatever coins
I could find on the ground...
It was all to complete my
Eminence in Shadow collection.
And now,
the time has come at last.
And this one final touch,
I take this letter that just
arrived today and set it here.
Now I just have to wait.
(air gusting softly)
(whoosh)
(gasps)
(air gusting loudly)
(gasps softly)
[Shadow] The time has come.
(gasps)
[Shadow]
This night is a world of shadow.
(dramatic tense music)
(gasps)
[Beta] A world of shadow,
a night with the moon hidden,
truly a fitting world for us.
Everything is in place.
[Shadow] I see.
Under Lady Alpha's orders,
we have gathered
all available personnel
here in the Royal Capital.
They number 114.
114?
(gasps)
I'm terribly sorry.
No one else could mobilize.
It's the best we could do.
[Shadow] Did you hire
extras or something?
[Beta] What?
[Shadow] What?
[Shadow] No, nevermind.
[Beta] Our plan is to launch
simultaneous attacks
on all the Fenrir Sect hideouts
of the Diablos Cult
scattered throughout
the capital.
At the same time,
we will search for traces
of Princess Alexia's magic.
As soon as we find her,
we will bring her into custody.
Gamma will take
general command,
while Lady Alpha leads
the troops on site.
I will be assisting her.
Epsilon will take charge of
support from behind
and Delta will
lead the vanguard
and signal when to begin.
Each unit will consist
of approx-
(paper rustles) Huh?
(flourish)
Oh...
Is this...
[Shadow] My apologies to Delta,
but I will be playing
the prelude.
Tonight, the world will
finally know us.
(air whooshing)
(gasps)
You telling me after all that,
not one goddamn word from
the surveillance team?
[Knight 2] They must be
goofing off somewhere.
Those idiots!
Do they have any idea
how scary this
organization can be?
Hey!
(footsteps approaching)
[Knight] Is he here?
(soft thud)
[Knight] Hey there, lover boy.
What are you doing there
with Princess Alexia's boot
in your hand?
Oh wow, there are traces of
her magic all over it,
aren't there?
I see now.
So that's your game.
Yup, that's our game.
If you would've just talked,
you could've spared yourself
a lot of unnecessary pain.
Cid Kagenou,
you're under arrest
for the kidnapping
of the princess.
Don't try and resist.
I mean, not that you can.
(thump)
[both] Huh?
(ominous music)
Wait, those were our lookouts.
(blood splatters)
(knight groans)
[Knight 2] You little...
What do you think you're-
(blood splatters)
(knight groans)
(knight screams)
Don't think you can get away
with treating the
Knight Order like this.
[Cid]
You have nothing to worry about.
By the time the sun is up...
...this will all be over.
(blood splatters)
[Beta] In that instant,
the Great Lord Shadow
moved with superhuman speed
to stand before the
lowly knight.
No sooner had his noble voice
finished speaking,
than his fierce attack-
(loud explosion)
(Beta gasps)
And that right there
would be Delta.
(tense music)
(woman yelps) Help me!
(blood spatters)
(woman screams loudly)
(Delta laughs maniacally)
(tense music continues)
(building crumbles)
(rain begins)
[Junior Knight]
The situation is complicated,
(commotion in background)
but we've been able to identify
at least eight locations.
The destruction is being
perpetrated by an
organized group.
Have the security team focus
their attention on the school.
Yes, Your Highness.
I'm going straight
to the front lines.
Good luck.
[Iris]
What in the world's going on?
Where is Alexia?
(rain falling)
(loud explosion)
[Alexia] It's hard to sleep
with all this noise, huh?
But I'd rather be awake,
wouldn't you?
I don't wanna miss the fun.
[scientist]
Damn it, damn it, damn it!
It's them!
They're coming, damn it!
It's over! Total slaughter!
Everybody dies! Damn it!
The Knight Order doesn't kill
unless they absolutely need to.
[scientist] I don't give a damn
about the knights!
I'll kill them.
I'll kill them all!
They'll be sorry.
I... I made a prototype!
Even this defect can
make itself useful.
Go on, show them!
(blood splatters)
Um,
you really shouldn't do that.
Give them a taste of Diablo.
Show them now.
[scientist]
Show them our wrath!
[Alexia]
I have a bad feeling about it.
(laughing madly)
Magnificent! It's magnificent!
(laughing maniacally)
(loud squelch)
[Alexia] I tried to warn you.
(rubble crumbling)
All right...
(clang)
(chains rattle loudly)
[Alexia] You helped me.
(electircal discharge)
(creature screams)
(gasps)
(rubble crashes)
(loud explosion)
(people screaming)
[random man] Nooo!
(rubble settles)
(keys jingle)
I have the devil's own luck,
I have to say.
(keys jingle)
Or maybe I don't.
(chains rattle)
Well,
I suppose it could be worse.
(chains rattle)
[Zenon] I can't have you
running out on us, you know.
(gasps) You!
What are you doing here?
Well,
this is my facility, of course.
I was the one who funded
that man's research.
That's all.
(soft growl)
What a relief.
I always thought you had to be
either a massive liar
or a complete psycho.
It looks like I was right,
wasn't I?
It doesn't matter,
as long as I have your blood.
Is blood all anybody
can talk about?
You don't understand,
but with your blood
and his research,
I'll be guaranteed the
12th Seat in the Rounds.
Then I can say goodbye
to that ridiculous post
as sword instructor.
The Rounds?
What is that,
some sort of group of lunatics?
The twelve highest ranking
knights in the Order:
Knight of the Rounds.
It comes with more money and
fame than I've ever had.
Speaking truthfully,
Iris would've made
a more fitting offering,
but I'll just have to
settle for you, I guess.
(swords clash)
[Zenon] Oh, I'm sorry.
I forgot you hate being
compared to your sister.
(ungh)
Hyah!
(swords clanging)
It's better than usual.
But you will never be more
than a Fencer Ordinaire.
Then you just watch me,
and I'll show you exactly how
ordinary I really am.
A flashy move you copied
from your sister...
I had no idea you were keeping
something like that from me.
I'll show it to you again
if you want.
[Zenon] In that case,
let me show YOU the skill of a
future Knight of the Rounds.
(suspenseful music)
(gasps)
Hyah!
(sword rings)
(Alexia gasps)
(thwack)
(water splashes)
You will never be
as good as your sister.
You're coming with me.
(singer vocalizes hauntingly)
(footsteps echoing)
A man clad
in the purest black...
(soft gasp)
My name is Shadow.
He who lurks in the shadows
in order to hunt the shadows.
(ENDING THEME)